n another time, the Galaxy was filled with life. There were 4 sentient races that lived together in constant harmony. They worked together to create a lasting society, but it wasn't always like that.

The Foohons, an intellectual race with an understanding of the galaxy and a joined consciousness that helped in the ever growing need of advancing, were the first to be contacted by the Spaceborne.

The Spaceborne, the first interstellar travelers, were a powerful species that had learned to control the flow of Energy, making it possible to produce powerful ships to explore the outer reaches of the Galaxy.

Together, the Foohons and the Spacebornes founded The Galactic Imperium and furthered their expansion into the Galaxy.

The Harks and the Manticarias were found shortly after. These sentients were living  in the same Solar System and had been in contact with each other. It was a huge system with many planets.

Most of these planets contained life for the Manticarias had colonized these planets using a unique way of terraforming.

This caught the eye of the Foohons and they proposed to include the Manticarias in the Galactic Imperium. The Manticarias were masters of the Sun. They lived for solar power and flourished when in contact with it. The amount of Energy they could harvest was impressive to say the least and how it improved their Psychic ability was almost terrifying.

The Harks in turn, were not as enlightened. They were a vicious race of warriors, that hadn't known peace in their culture for an eternity. The Manticarias warned the Foohons and the Spaceborne to stay away from them, but the ever wise and strong founders of the Imperium did not heed the warnings of their newest ally. The Harks were contacted and offered a place in the stars, in return the Harks would become peaceful.

The Manticarias did not expect the Harks to accept but to their surprise…  they did. The Harks threw down their weapons and accepted harmony. They joined the Galactic Imperium and shared all their ways of warfare to the rest, yet kept some secrets up their sleeves.

As the centuries passed, the population in the Galaxy grew larger and larger. The Manticarian terraforming technique worked wonders on many planets and every culture was thriving... But something happened that they did not expect.

Harks and Manticarias had resolved their past differences and worked together. The new generations knew nothing of past transgressions and the relationship grew tight.
The Harks and Manticarias had several communities and colonies scattered across the galaxy and one of those colonies, Theta IV, experienced something strange. The population became mixed due to an unexplained event. Hark and Manticarian of Theta IV, no longer two, but one. They became the Dreamweavers.

After the Theta IV event, everything was calm for a while. The Dreamweavers were relocated and their numbers grew rapidly.
Then, planets started disappearing. Swollen up into nothingness. Suns started exploding, Asteroids started falling.. It was the end of the Galaxy.

The Galactic Imperium had one chance. Send out seeder ships to distant galaxies in the hopes of saving their civilizations.
The Foohons, Spacebornes, Manticarias, Harks and Dreamweavers built massive Colony ships, and sent them to nearby Galaxies in the hopes of finding suitable, terraform-able planets.

Generations went by before the first ships landed on planets. Each ship considered it's own idea's and values as the true way, the true continuation of the Imperium. As time went by, it was clear that the idea of the Galactic Imperium had faded and fledgling Empires were created.

 Now... it was everyone for himself. 
